Feature/rework issue 297 (#301)
micro-ROS/micro-ROS.github.io: _docs/concepts/build_system/external_build_systems/index.md

The [micro-ROS for Arduino](https://github.com/micro-ROS/micro_ros_arduino) support package is a special port of micro-ROS provided as a set of precompiled libraries for specific platforms. The main reason for this approach is that Arduino does not allow the build of a complex library such as micro-ROS, so by using this approach a ready-to-use solution is provided to the Arduino users.

Along with this support package, there are [detailed instructions](https://github.com/micro-ROS/micro_ros_arduino#how-to-build-the-precompiled-library) for rebuilding the micro-ROS for Arduino libraries for users that need to tune the default configuration.

## micro-ROS for STM32CubeMX

> The [micro-ROS for STM32CubeMX](https://github.com/micro-ROS/micro_ros_stm32cubemx_utils) package is a set of utilities which enables the seamless configuration, set-up and integration of micro-ROS into any STM32 controller based project. As such, it allows micro-ROS to be virtually supported by the full set of boards offered by <a href="https://www.st.com/content/st_com/en.html">STMicroelectronics</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [micro-ROS for STM32CubeMX](https://github.com/micro-ROS/micro_ros_stm32cubemx_utils) package is a set of utilities which enables the seamless configuration, set-up and integration of micro-ROS into an STM32 controller based project. As such, it allows micro-ROS to be virtually supported by the full set of boards offered by <a href="https://www.st.com/content/st_com/en.html">STMicroelectronics</a>.
```

> Its usage is based on Dockers, via a prepared [Dockerfile](https://github.com/micro-ROS/micro_ros_stm32cubemx_utils/blob/foxy/microros_component/Dockerfile) which eases the project configuration and execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Its usage is based on Dockers, via a prepared [Dockerfile](https://github.com/micro-ROS/micro_ros_stm32cubemx_utils/blob/foxy/microros_component/Dockerfile) which eases micro-ROS library generation outside of a ROS 2 environment.
```
